README.md, before:

# Obsidian Helix Keybindings

This plugin enables [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/) keybindings in [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md/) using the [Helix CodeMirror6 extension by jrvidal](https://gitlab.com/_rvidal/codemirror-helix).
This plugin simply adds the extension to the editor, all credit goes to [jrvidal](https://github.com/jrvidal) for actually implementing the extension.

Keep in mind the CM6 extension is in a very early stage of development.

## Installation

Because this plugin isn't oficially in the Obsidian plugin list (yet), you must install it directly from the repo.
Two ways to do this are using BRAT or manually.

### Via BRAT

1. [Install BRAT](https://obsidian.md/plugins?search=brat)
2. Copy the link to this Git repository
3. Follow [these instructions](https://tfthacker.com/brat-quick-guide#Adding+a+beta+plugin)

### Manually

1. Clone the repository into `<your vault directory>/.obsidian/plugins` and then run:
  ```
  $ npm i
  $ npm run build
  ```
2. Go to Settings in Obsidian and enable `Helix Keybindings`.

## Usage

1) Make sure Vim keybindings are disabled in `Options->Editor->Advanced`.
2) Enable Helix keybindings in the plugin settings or toggle them via the command.

### Customize cursor color

By default, the cursor color is the accent color. You can set it to another color by creating a custom CSS snippet for your vault, such as this:

```css
.cm-hx-block-cursor .cm-hx-cursor {
  background: red !important;
}
```

Commit message:

Add maintainer notice on README

README.md, after:

> [!CAUTION]
> **Maintainer/owner needed!** This project is looking for a maintainer. Please follow [#18](https://github.com/Sinono3/obsidian-helix/issues/18) for more information.

# Obsidian Helix Keybindings

This plugin enables [Helix](https://helix-editor.com/) keybindings in [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md/) using the [Helix CodeMirror6 extension by jrvidal](https://gitlab.com/_rvidal/codemirror-helix).
This plugin simply adds the extension to the editor, all credit goes to [jrvidal](https://github.com/jrvidal) for actually implementing the extension.

Keep in mind the CM6 extension is in a very early stage of development.

## Installation

Because this plugin isn't oficially in the Obsidian plugin list (yet), you must install it directly from the repo.
Two ways to do this are using BRAT or manually.

### Via BRAT

1. [Install BRAT](https://obsidian.md/plugins?search=brat)
2. Copy the link to this Git repository
3. Follow [these instructions](https://tfthacker.com/brat-quick-guide#Adding+a+beta+plugin)

### Manually

1. Clone the repository into `<your vault directory>/.obsidian/plugins` and then run:
  ```
  $ npm i
  $ npm run build
  ```
2. Go to Settings in Obsidian and enable `Helix Keybindings`.

## Usage

1) Make sure Vim keybindings are disabled in `Options->Editor->Advanced`.
2) Enable Helix keybindings in the plugin settings or toggle them via the command.

### Customize cursor color

By default, the cursor color is the accent color. You can set it to another color by creating a custom CSS snippet for your vault, such as this:

```css
.cm-hx-block-cursor .cm-hx-cursor {
  background: red !important;
}
```
